README.md, before:

# Continuous Testing for GA4GH APIThis project aims at runing `load testing` and `compliance test suite` for GA4GH API, and organizes easy to read testing results for iterative development. It makes use of `Docker` and `Ansible`. The Ansible project is under folder `testing`, the others are the docker images used in the testing process.#### Usage`cd` to folder `testing`, then```bashansible-playbook test.yml -k```The prompt will ask for connection password.After testing finished, it will create the following directory structures. All testing results store at `{{ file_server_root }}`.``` Server:   - {{ ga4gh_working_dir }}/srv/data:   For All Server Data Master:   - {{ file_server_root }}/{{ test_results_folder_name }}/server_{{ server_commit_hash }}/{{ locust_folder_name }}/{{ locustfile_hash }}:    For Load Testing Results   - {{ file_server_root }}/{{ test_results_folder_name }}/server_{{ server_commit_hash }}/{{ compliance_folder_name }}/{{ compliance_test_suite_commit_hash }}:    For Compliance Tests Results   - {{ ga4gh_working_dir }}/{{ ga4gh_testing_folder_name }}: Clone of this project Locust:   - {{ ga4gh_working_dir }}/{{ locust_folder_name }}/{{ locust_filename }}: For locustfile.py```Read the plays in playbook file `testing/test.yml` for more details.

Commit message:

Update README description and Add requirements.yml

README.md, after:

# Continuous Testing for GA4GH APIThis project aims at runing `load testing` and `compliance test suite` for GA4GH API, and organizes easy to read testing results for iterative development. It makes use of `Docker` and `Ansible`. The Ansible project is under folder `testing`, the others are the docker images used in the testing process.#### Usage- `cd` to folder `testing`- Install necessary roles for the first time   ```bashansible-galaxy install -r requirements.yml```- Run the playbook   ```bashansible-playbook test.yml -k```The prompt will ask for connection password. After testing finished, it will create the following directory structures. All testing results store at `{{ file_server_root }}`.``` Server:   - {{ ga4gh_working_dir }}/srv/data:   For All Server Data Master:   - {{ file_server_root }}/{{ test_results_folder_name }}/server_{{ server_commit_hash }}/{{ locust_folder_name }}/{{ locustfile_hash }}:    For Load Testing Results   - {{ file_server_root }}/{{ test_results_folder_name }}/server_{{ server_commit_hash }}/{{ compliance_folder_name }}/{{ compliance_test_suite_commit_hash }}:    For Compliance Tests Results   - {{ ga4gh_working_dir }}/{{ ga4gh_testing_folder_name }}: Clone of this project Locust:   - {{ ga4gh_working_dir }}/{{ locust_folder_name }}/{{ locust_filename }}: For locustfile.py```The HTTP file server is at `http://<master_host>:8085` by default, and the locust web interface is at `http://<master_host>:8089` if you run load testing in distributed mode.Read the plays in playbook file `testing/test.yml` for more details.
